[Eck 3.3.0] - Merge ECK 3.3 branch into main. (#4949)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/elastic-stack-configuration-policies.md

  eck: ga 3.3+
```

The `weight` field is an integer that determines the priority of a policy when multiple `StackConfigPolicy` resources target the same {{es}} cluster or {{kib}} instance. When multiple policies target the same resource, policies are evaluated in order of their `weight` values (from lowest to highest). Settings from policies with higher `weight` values take precedence and overwrite settings from policies with lower `weight` values. The policy with the highest `weight` value has the highest priority.

The `weight` field is optional and defaults to `0` if not specified. Higher weight values have higher priority.

::::{important} - Conflict resolution

If multiple policies have the same `weight` value and target the same resource, the operator reports a conflict. When a conflict occurs, **no policies are applied to that resource**—this includes not only the conflicting policies but also any other policies that target the same resource. The target resource remains unconfigured by any `StackConfigPolicy` until the conflict is resolved by adjusting the `weight` values of the conflicting policies.
::::

This allows you to create a hierarchy of policies, for example:

> * Base policies with lower weights (e.g., `weight: 0`) that provide default configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Base policies with lower weights (for example, `weight: 0`) that provide default configurations
```
(just to resolve the linting suggestion below).
